[DCOS-54126] Add docs for Cassandra 2.6.0-3.11.4 release (#2342)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/services/cassandra/2.6.0-3.11.4/limitations/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Limitations
excerpt: Limitations on backups, node counts, security
title: Limitations
menuWeight: 100
model: /services/cassandra/data.yml
render: mustache
---

#include /services/include/limitations.tmpl
#include /services/include/limitations-zones.tmpl
#include /services/include/limitations-regions.tmpl

## JVM options

> Custom JVM options are not currently supported in this or previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom JVM options are not currently supported in this version or earlier versions.
```

## Backup/Restore

> The service does not support performing backup and restore with authentication/authorization enabled in this or previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service does not support performing backup and restore with authentication/authorization enabled in this version or earlier versions.
```

## Node Count

> The DC/OS {{ model.techName }} Service must be deployed with at least {{ model.minNodeCount }} nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DC/OS {{ model.techName }} service must be deployed with at least {{ model.minNodeCount }} nodes.
```

### Toggling Transport Encryption

> Transport encryption using TLS can be toggled (enabled/disabled), but will trigger a rolling restart of the cluster. As each node restarts, a client may lose connectivity based on its security settings and the value of the `service.security.transport_encryption.allow_plaintext` configuration option. You should make backups and schedule downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transport encryption using TLS can be toggled (enabled/disabled), but will trigger a rolling restart of the cluster. As each node restarts, a client may lose connectivity based on its security settings and the value of the `service.security.transport_encryption.allow_plaintext` configuration option. You should make backups and schedule downtime.
```
